Username,First Name,Surname,Email,Site,Role,
nyoussouf,Nabila,Youssouf,nabila.youssouf@lshtm.ac.uk,ALL,Trial Manager,
dlawrence,David,Lawrence,david.s.lawrence@lshtm.ac.uk,ALL,Lead Clinician,
dlawrenceTMG,David,Lawrence,david.s.lawrence@lshtm.ac.uk,ALL,TMG Reviewer,
smolloy,Sile,Molloy,smolloy@sgul.ac.uk,ALL,Lead Epidemiologist,
tchammard,Timothee,Boyer-Chammard,timothee.boyer-chammard@pasteur.fr,ALL,Clinical Adviser,
tchammardTMG,Timothee,Boyer-Chammard,timothee.boyer-chammard@pasteur.fr,ALL,TMG Reviewer,
aloyse,Angela,Loyse,aloyse@sgul.ac.uk,ALL,TMG Reviewer,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
ahlupeni,Admire,Hlupeni,ahlupeni@gmail.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,x
amusubire,Abdu,Musubire,amusubire@yahoo.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,iu8Fiex\
asadiq,Alisat,Sadiq,alisatsadiq@yahoo.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,Qua$a7wu
astambuli,Anthony,Stambuli,astambuli@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,Ohz=a4ah
cahimbisibwe,Cynthia,Ahimbisibwe,acynthia2k@yahoo.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
cchawinga,Chimwemwe,Chawinga,cchawinga@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
ckanyama,Cwecilia,Kanyama,ckanyama@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
cmphande,Chimwemwe,Mphande,cmphande@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
cmuzoora,Conrad,Muzoora,conradmuzoora@yahoo.com,MBARARA,CLINICAL,
cnamuju,Carol olivie,Namuju,oliviekarugs@gmail.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
cndhlovu,Chiratidzo,Ndhlovu,ratizw@gmail.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,
cpotani,Charity,Potani,cpotani@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
cschutz,Charlotte,Schutz,charlotte.schutz@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
dmeya,David,Meya,david.meya@gmail.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
dwilliams,Darlisha,Williams,coat.trial@gmail.com,KAMPALA AND MBARARA,CLINICAL,
edziwani,Eltas,Dziwani,eltas.nyirenda@live.com,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
egondwe,Ebbie,Gondwe,egondwe@mlw.mw,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
ekumwenda,Emily,Kumwenda,ekumwenda@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
emahaka,Edward,Mahaka,edwardmakaha@gmail.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,
empoza,Edward,Mpoza,edmpoza@yahoo.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
enuwagira,Edwin,Nuwagira,kanyama83@gmail.com,MBARARA,CLINICAL,
gchitsulo,Gladys,Chitsulo,gchitsulo@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
gmeintjes,Graeme,Meintjes,graeme.meintjes@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
hmwandumba,Henry,Mwandumba,Henry.Mwandumba@lstmed.ac.uk,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
hmzinganjira,Henry,Mzinganjira,hmzinganjira@gmail.com,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
jndyetukira,Jane,Ndyetukira,janeorge2@yahoo.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
jrhein,Joshua,Rhein,joshua.rhein@gmail.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
klechiile,Kwana,Lechiile,lechiilek@hotmail.com,GABORONE,LAB,
ksiamisang,Keatlaretse,Siamisang,drksiamisang@gmail.com,GABORONE,CLINICAL,
kssebambulidde,Kenneth,Ssebambulidde,kssebambulidde@gmail.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
kstott,Katherine,Stott,katstott@liverpool.ac.uk,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL AND LAB,
ktsholo,Katlego,Tsholo,katlegotsholo@yahoo.ie,GABORONE,CLINICAL,
ltugume,Lillian,Tugume,lilliantugume@yahoo.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
malufandika,Melanie,Alufandika,malufandika@mlw.mw,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
mhosseinipou,Mina,hosseinipour,mhosseinipour@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
mkadiwa,Mary,Kadiwa,mkadiwa@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
mkazembe,Mussa,Kazembe,mkazembe@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
mmpalali,Mkhanyiseli,Mpalali,mkmpalali@gmail.com,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
mrutakingirwa,Morris,Rutakingirwa,kyozomorris@gmail.com,KAMPALA,CLINICAL,
mshey,Muki,Shey,muki.shey@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,LAB,
ntlhako,Nametso,Tlhako,n72823980@gmail.com,GABORONE,CLINICAL,
pponatshego,Ponego,Ponatshego,pponatshego@bhp.org.bw,GABORONE,CLINICAL,
rgoliath,Rene,Goliath,rt.goliath@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
shlungulu,Siphokazi,Hlungulu,shlungulu85@gmail.com,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
smudzingwa,Shepherd,Mudzingwa,smudzingwa@yahoo.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,
snicholas,Symon,Nicholas,snicholas@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
snuwamanya,Simpson,Nuwamanya,nuwsimpson@gmail.com,MBARARA,CLINICAL,
ssayed,Sumaya,Sayed,sumaya.sayed@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
tchimphambano,Tipatseni,Chimphambano,tchimphambano@mlw.mw,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
tkachitosi,Timothy,Kachitosi,tkachitosi@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,
tmorar,Tania,Morar,tania.morar@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,CLINICAL,
tmtisi,Takudzwa,Mtisi,takudzwamtisi@gmail.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,
tmwarumba,Taddy,Mwarumba,tmwarumba@gmail.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,
tzinyandu,Tawanda,Zinyandu,tawandazinyandu@gmail.com,HARARE,CLINICAL,
vjanuary,Vanessa,January,vanessa.january@uct.ac.za,CAPE TOWN,LAB,
wchimanganga,Wezzie,Chimang'anga,wchimanganga@mlw.mw,BLANTYRE,CLINICAL,
wmhango,Wilberforce,Mhango,wmhango@unclilongwe.org,LILONGWE,CLINICAL,